Feature/spline UI 125 version strategy (#147)
AbsaOSS/spline-ui: README.md

The UI for [Spline project](https://absaoss.github.io/spline/)

> Spline UI app is implemented as a _single-page application (SPA)_, available alone as well as packed as a Docker image or a WAR-file. Choose at your
> deployment preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spline UI app is implemented as a _single-page application (SPA)_, available alone as well as packed as a Docker image or a WAR-file. Choose according to your
deployment preferences.
```
IMHO, we could just remove the last sentence. There is now additional information.
